1.pwd-Print the name of the working directory.It prints the full pathname of the current working directory.
2. vi-vi editor to edit an existing file or to create a new file from scratch.we can also use this editor to just read a text file.
3. touch-touch is a standard Unix command-line interface program which is used to update 
the access date and / or modification date of a file or directory. In its default usage, 
it is the equivalent of creating or opening a file and saving it without any change to the file contents.
It updates the dates associated with the file or directory. 
4. mkdir-make directories.Create the DIRECTORY(ies), if they do not already exist.
  Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
5. rm-rm (short for remove) is a basic UNIX command used to remove objects such as files, directories, device nodes, 
symbolic links, and so on from the filesystem. To be more precise, rm removes references to objects from the filesystem,
where those objects might have had multiple references (for example, a file with two different names),
6. ls-list directory contents.ls List information about the FILEs (the current directory by default). 
Sort entries alphabetically if none of -cftuvSUX nor --sort is specified. 
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
7. echo-outputs the strings it is being passed as arguments. 
It is a command typically used in shell scripts and batch files to output status text to the screen or a file.
8. cat-read files in the sequence given in its arguments, writing their contents to the standard output in the same sequence.
The specification mandates the support of one option flag, u for unbuffered output, 
meaning that each byte is written after it has been read. Many operating systems do this by default and ignore the flag
9. who-displays a list of users who are currently logged into the computer.
The who command is related to the command w, which provides the same information but also displays additional data and statistics.
10. cd- also known as chdir (change directory), is a command-line OS shell command used to change the current working directory 
It is also available for use in shell scripts and batch files.
11. date-s used to print out, or change the value of, the system's time and date information.
12. cal-Cal displays a simple calendar. If arguments are not specified, the current month is displayed.
13. mv-mv (short for move) is a Unix command that moves one or more files or directories from one place to another.
If both filenames are on the same filesystem, this results in a simple file rename; 
otherwise the file content is copied to the new location and the old file is removed
14. cp- The cp command is a command to create copy of files and directories. 
The command has three principal modes of operation, expressed by the types of arguments presented to the program for 
copying a file to another file, one or more files to a directory, or for copying entire directories to another directory. 
The utility further accepts various command line option flags to detail the operations performed.
15. which-The command takes one or more arguments; for each of these arguments, it prints the full path of the executable to 
stdout that would have been executed if this argument had been entered into the shell. It does this by searching for an 
executable or script in the directories listed in the environment variable PATH.
